DDS-1829 [Radio Group] Fix of QA test (#145)
dsv-rp/DDS: .changeset/two-lies-rescue.md

---
"@daikin-oss/design-system-web-components": patch
---

> Radio Group: Fixed an issue where input group's disabled state can not be reflect to radio group. (DDS-1829)
> Radio Group: Fixed an overflow issue. (DDS-1829)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radio Group: Added support for reflecting the `disabled` property of the Input Gorup component. (DDS-1829)
Radio Group: Elements now wrap rather than overflow when placed horizontally. (DDS-1829)
```
